chkdsk: add page (#4657)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/windows/chkdsk.md

# chkdsk

> > Checks file system & volume metadata for errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Check file system and volume metadata for errors.
```

> > More information: <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/chkdsk/>.

Reviewer: We don't need i18n in the MSFT's URLs:
```suggestion
> More information: <https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/chkdsk>.
```

- Specify the drive letter (followed by a colon), mount point, or volume name to check:

`chkdsk {{volume}}`

> - Fix errors on specified volume:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix errors on a specific volume:
```

`chkdsk {{volume}} /f`

> - Dismount specified volume before checking:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dismount a specific volume before checking:
```

`chkdsk {{volume}} /x`

> - Use with NTFS only; change the log file size to the specified size:

Reviewer: Maybe this is more clear:
```suggestion
- Change the log file size to the specified size (only for NTFS):
```
